Add activity timestamp to breaking changes (#2964)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: CHANGELOG.md

-  Customizable typing indicator: data and hook related to typing indicator are being revamped in PR [#2912](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/2912)
   -  `lastTypingAt` reducer is deprecated, use `typing` instead. The newer reducer contains typing indicator from the user
   -  `useLastTypingAt()` hook is deprecated, use `useActiveTyping(duration?: number)` instead. For all typing information, pass `Infinity` to `duration` argument
-  Customizable activity status: new `nextVisibleActivity` to control activity status visibility
   -  Previously, we use `timestampClassName` to control if the activity should show or hide timestamp. The `timestampClassName` was added as a `class` attribute the DOM element which contains the timestamp

>    -  Today, we pass `activity` and `nextVisibleActivity` to the middleware, so the `activityRendererMiddleware` can decide whether the timestamp should be shown or not. For example, developers can group timestamp based on activity type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Today, `activity` and `nextVisibleActivity` are passed to the middleware, so the `activityRendererMiddleware` can decide whether the timestamp should be shown or not. For example, developers can group timestamp based on activity type
```
